Update Model Card for Encoder Decoder Model (#39272)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/encoder-decoder.md

> [!TIP]
> This model was contributed by [thomwolf](https://huggingface.co/thomwolf) and the TensorFlow/Flax version by [ydshieh](https://huggingface.co/ydshieh).
>
> Click on the Encoder Decoder models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply Encoder Decoder to different language tasks.

The example below demonstrates how to generate text with [`Pipeline`], [`AutoModel`], and from the command line.

<hfoptions id="usage">
<hfoption id="Pipeline">

```python
from transformers import pipeline

summarizer = pipeline(
    "summarization",
    model="patrickvonplaten/bert2bert-cnn_dailymail-fp16",
    device=0
)

text = "Plants create energy through a process known as photosynthesis. This involves capturing sunlight and converting carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen."
print(summarizer(text))
```

</hfoption>

> <hfoption id="AutoModel">

Reviewer: The `AutoModel` example should be unchanged from the last review except for adding `attn_implementation=sdpa` so that it's aligned with the `Pipeline` example to show how users can achieve the same thing using the two separate APIs.

This translation example here in the `AutoModel` section should update the translation example in the `## Notes` (which doesn't work by the way).

<img alt="SDPA" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SDPA-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white">
</div>

# Encoder Decoder Models

[`EncoderDecoderModel`](https://huggingface.co/papers/1706.03762) has two main parts:

Encoder: This part reads the input text and converts it into a set of numerical features capturing the meaning and context 
of the input.

Decoder: This part takes the numerical features from the encoder and generates the output text step by step. It uses the information from the encoder to produce meaningful and relevant output, such as a translation, a summary, or an answer.

We can be use this model class to initialize a sequence-to-sequence model with any pretrained autoencoding model as the 
encoder and any pretrained autoregressive model as the decoder.

> [!TIP]

> > This model was contributed by [thomwolf](https://github.com/thomwolf). This model's TensorFlow and Flax versions
> > were contributed by [ydshieh](https://github.com/ydshieh).
> > Click on the Encoder Decoder models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply Encoder Decoder to different 
> > language tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This model was contributed by [thomwolf](https://huggingface.co/thomwolf) and the TensorFlow/Flax version by [ydshieh](https://huggingface.co/ydshieh).
>
> Click on the Encoder Decoder models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply Encoder Decoder to different language tasks.
```

The example below demonstrates how to generate text with [`Pipeline`], [`AutoModel`], and from the command line.

hfoptions id="usage">
<hfoption id="Pipeline">

```python

> import torch

Reviewer: Would be better to adapt the `Pipeline`, `AutoModel` and `transformers-cli` examples for summarization since thats what the checkpoint was fine-tuned for

```bash
echo -e "Plants create energy through a process known as" | transformers-cli run --task text-generation --model "patrickvonplaten/bert2bert-cnn_dailymail-fp16" --device 0
```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

Quantization reduces the memory burden of large models by representing the weights in a lower precision. Refer to the [Quantization](../quantization/overview) overview for more available quantization backends.

The example below uses [torchao](../quantization/torchao) to only quantize the weights to 4-bit integers.

```py
import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer, TorchAoConfig

quantization_config = TorchAoConfig("int4_weight_only", group_size=128)
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("patrickvonplaten/bert2bert-cnn_dailymail-fp16")
model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("patrickvonplaten/bert2bert-cnn_dailymail-fp16", torch_dtype=torch.bfloat16, quantization_config=quantization_config, device_map="auto")
input_ids = tokenizer("Plants create energy through a process known as", return_tensors="pt").to("cuda")

output = model.generate(**input_ids)
print(tokenizer.decode(output[0], skip_special_tokens=True))
```

> ## Notes

Reviewer: Add a note here about [initializing](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.53.1/en/model_doc/encoder-decoder#initialising-encoderdecodermodel-from-a-pretrained-encoder-and-a-pretrained-decoder) from pretrained encoder/decoder

>>> # the forward function automatically creates the correct decoder_input_ids
>>> loss = model(input_ids=input_ids, labels=labels).loss
```

> - The following [colab example](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1WIk2bxglElfZewOHboPFNj8H44_VAyKE?usp=sharing#scrollTo=ZwQIEhKOrJpl) for training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
